off_t -> offset type => signed long int
pid_t -> process id type => unsigned long int

typedef long int off-t; 

'long int' is a old name annd 'off-t' is the new name; 

#Arrays 

int arr[] =  {}; // no need to specifiy size, compiler will calc
int arr[] = {1,2,3} // sizeof(arr) = 3

Name of the array also speicfies starting address (pointer).

##cpp:

string str = ""; 

##c:
### Method (1) 
char str[] = ""; // only way to declare string is to use char array
		 // use of quotes means "\0" like from ASM

## another way of defining string in C:
### Method (2)
char* str = ""; // it looks like they are equivalent

		// in this case 
 
Method (1) is mutable. Method (2) is immutable.


##<string.h> 
different from string type from above
includes functions related to string
 eg. strlen(), strcmp() 
strlen() excludes "\0"
need 1 more byte to store "\0", must use strlen()++

strcmp compares the pointers not the content of the stinrg

&Q: what does it mean to compare pointer vs. content?; memory address?

#Structs

Structs and class are different. Some similarities.

For structs:
	(1) Everything is public; C is not OOP
	(2) No inheritance due to lack of OOP
	(3) no constructors
	(4) no functions; only function pointers
	
"We'll talk about function pointers next time" ~ S.H.

#Declaration of Struct

struct person {
	char* name;
	int age;
	char* gender;
};

struct person p;

p.name = "joe"
p.age = 9;
p.gender = "male"

s_ -> shorthand for struct


#Functions


## Declaration:
	

	Only thing that matters is f's type, name and inputs
	Eg. : double fname(int , char , char* ) // names of the inputs don't matter


##  Defintion:

	Must give a name this time to inputs
	Eg. : double fname(int x, char y, char* z) 


&Q: What is overloading?

#Argv and Argc

char* argv[] = char** argv

?Q: So char argv[][] = char* argv[]?
?A: No. "Must have bound for all dimensions except the first" ~ gcc

For 2-D array in bracket format, you must specify the second dimension's size:

arr[][10] - OK
arr[][ ]  - NOT OK

For 3-d, you must specify the 2nd and beyond must be defined: 


arr[][10][10] - OK
arr[][][] - NOT OK


#C startup routine

_start: 
	BL main

## 

